I'm talking to Tianmu. What are you going to do? Give me some food.
You don't want to cook food for the second grandma, right?
You don't mean normal ghost cries
Did it appear after the death of the second mistress?
Do you know where the second grandma died?
Okay, it seems to be in the woods behind
I heard you use trees
The second grandma was raped by his son
Mix starving in the woods back there
The woods are not big either
How could he really be starved to death by a mixed bag?
Because I heard his son
Punished his gauntlet
Being caught in the woods behind
So his willingness is in this way
Why is he like this?
When he was alive, he had no money and loved his belly.
Is the second grandmother a simple girl
Also mixed with starvation
God you said that
The second grandma’s son is also here with Jane.
I forgot
you are not a local
I know it's just right
The second grandma loved to do good deeds during her lifetime
What a good person
I didn't expect to die so early
It's not easy for people in the village to miss him
So I endured it again and again
Unexpectedly, someone died
I just came here to do some practice
I didn't expect it to be a lie
I do know a way
It can eliminate the desire of the second grandma
Tips before quelling the ghost crying here
Do me another favor and say